March 2021, a user known as Naomi Korowa got banned from the server for constantly breaking rules and consistently annoying specific administrators. Those administrators include Zorya, known as DaR0gue at the time.  
They also got banned for being involved with potential groomer behavior with minors in the server, posting suggestive content in the server, privately communicating with said minors through other ways (alternative accounts, servers owned by other people, etc) and having a Twitter account based on "RR34". [Archives exist on the Wayback Machine.](https://web.archive.org/web/2021*/twitter.com/nkrr34) *(god, I fucking **hate** having to link this bullshit on my page.)*  
I would also like to add that they have been involved with a group of individuals that include Phos and Apostle. Both, especially the latter, have had pretty predatorial behavior with minors, including me, and I have no problem with sending my personal archive of past experiences with them upon request.  
Zorya has also been well aware of their wrongdoings, even being the one who brought them up several times.  


???


Latter half of 2021, Zorya unbans them without communication to me, the one who banned them in the first place, and invites them back with no reason, insisting that they have "changed for the better" and "feel pleasant to be around", completely dismissing the past they've had.  
*Not to mention that it is a bit of a spit in the face in another way; letting someone pretty connected to someone I have bad blood with (apostle) back in the server is definitely not cool.*


The problem is, how on earth would Zorya even communicate at all with someone who has been known for doing such wrong things after this?  
This implies that they have been communicating behind the scenes. Zorya does not seem like the type of person to let themselves be talked to by someone like that.

What worries me about this isn't the fact that it has been proven right, because it cannot. **It's the fact that it hasn't been proven wrong**, and most likely cannot be.
The possibility is what worries me, and definitely makes their case a lot sketchier than it should.
Especially considering they supposedly said they are 18 now, and most people in the server are minors, with only a few exceptions.

I hate having to do this, but with their oppressive behavior, I see no other option.